Why to learn Operating system??
Operating System is a interface between the computer user and the computer hardware.Operating system does many 
task like 
1.Memory management
2.Process management
3.Device management
4.File management
5.Security
6.Control over system performance
7.Job accounting
8.Error detecting aids


---Batch Processing

Batch processing is a Technique where Operating system collects both program and the data together in 
a batch before processing start.

---Multi Tasking is when a system is executing 2 or 3 program together by switching from one program to other.


---Schedulers

Schedulers are basically special system software where it decides which job to assign to the system
and decide which process to run.

They are of 3 types:
Short term schedular 
Long term schedular
Also called job schedular.it select the process from the queue and load them into memory
for execution.
Medium term schedular


Firstly we have our operating system,under this operating system we have process.. 
where all the appliction are run by these processes
processes use the concepts of thread to run code in thr application.

Thread: A thread is a unit which execute the code under application.It is also responsiable to execute 
the logic into ur appication. By deafult every application is a single threaded modle ...coz it contains a 
single thread by default and that is called the main thread.
In single threaded modle the drawback is that every method or an action is completed completly 
and then only it goes to next method for execution

for example in a program there is 3 methods suppose one method is takig more time then....
its a great loss of time for other method...it would first complete the execution then only go 
to the next method.

To over come the process of single threaded modle we have been provided a concept of multi- threading.
multi threading is nothing but ..under a process we have multiple thread.
but if there are multiple thread in a code the operating system would allocate a time period to the threads
so basically the multi threading works based on time sharing.

the main idea of multi threadig is maximum ultilizing of cpu resources.

suppose the we have 3 methods 
test1()
test2()
test3()
the 
the time allocation for the execution would be like
t1= 2sec 2 2 2 2 test1 
t2 =2sec 2 2   2 test2
t3= 2sec 2 2 2 2test3
 
Example done in the code...CsharpPart14

 //creating and calling the thread 
	new Thread (Go).Start();     //Go is a static method
if method is not static then we need to create an instace of that class and then call the thread
for example
	ThreadTest tt = new ThreadTest();   // Create a common instance
  	  new Thread (tt.Go).Start();
  	  tt.Go();


there are two important constructor in thread 
1. ThreadStart
2. ParameteraizedThreadStart